LAST TIME ON YU-GI-OH! GX...
Jim:
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDIN' ME!
IS THAT REALLY
JADEN DOWN THERE?
AND WHAT'S WITH
THE OUTFIT?
SOMETHING DODGEY'S
GOING ON.
[THINKING]
JUST LIKE ZANE SAID,
I'VE GOT TO BE STRONG
IF I PLAN ON GETTING
MY BEST FRIEND BACK.
JADEN SAID HE WOULDN'T
REST UNTIL HE FOUND JESSE,
AND NOW IT'S MY TURN.
I'M NOT STOPPING
UNTIL I FIND MY FRIEND!
Jim: IT'S FINALLY
THE TIME.
THE EYE OF ORICHALCUM
IS AT LAST REVEALED.
THE EYE HAS SHOWN US
THE FIGHT GOING ON
IN JADEN'S MIND
BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL.
DARKNESS HAS NOT
FULLY TAKEN OVER.
THERE IS STILL GOOD,
AND THE ONLY WAY
TO GET HIM BACK,
IS TO BEAT
HIS DARK HALF--
THE SUPREME KING!
I KNOW THAT YOU
CAN HEAR ME, JADEN,
SO PLEASE LISTEN UP.
DON'T GIVE IN!
THOSE EYES
ARE YOUR EYES.
YOU FOOL!
YOUR EYE IS NO MATCH
FOR THE POWER OF DARKNESS.
JADEN AND I
ARE ONE SPIRIT.
[THINKING]
IF JIM'S EYE CAN'T
DEFEAT THE DARKNESS
CONTROLLING JADEN,
MAYBE HIS DUELING CAN.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE ONLY WAY
TO GET THE JADEN WE KNOW BACK
IS TO DUEL HIS DARK HALF
AND SEND IT TO THE STARS.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[THINKING]
THIS SUPREME KING
IS TOUGHER THAN
I THOUGHT HE'D BE.
BUT IF I PLAN ON DEFEATING
JADEN'S DARK SIDE,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO STEADY
THIS STORM AND FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO BRING OUT
THE GOOD IN HIM.
ERR!
I DRAW!
AND ACTIVATE
O-OVERSOUL!
THIS LETS ME SUMMON BACK MY
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
AND NOW I'LL SACRIFICE
HIM IN ORDER TO SUMMON OUT
EVIL HERO
MALICIOUS EDGE!
YOU CAN'T.
I MOST CERTAINLY CAN,
AND JUST DID!
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF EDGE'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN SUMMON HIM
OUT TO MY FIELD
WITH ONE SACRIFICE.
HUH?
NOW, MALICIOUS EDGE--
ATTACK WITH NEEDLE BURST!
[GROWLING]
[GROANS]
HURRY, DARLING!
OW!
OH, ARE YOU OK?
COME ON, B,
WE HAVE TO KEEP RUNNING.
THE FIENDS COULD BE
ANYWHERE.
SORRY.
IT'S OK.
NO NEED TO BE SORRY.
HUH?
[SCREAMING]
QUIET.
TROUBLE'S NEAR.
SHHH!
YA KNOW WHAT GRUB
TOLD ME ON BREAK?
WHAT DID GRUB
TELL YOU?
SOME HUMAN WITH A CROCODILE
WHO SAYS "MATE" A LOT
CHALLENGED THE SUPREME KING
TO A DUEL OUTSIDE THE TOWER.
REALLY?
HMM.
PHEW! I THINK
THEY'RE GONE NOW.
BUT THEY'LL BE BACK.
YOU SHOULD LEAVE.
THIS PATH WILL
LEAD YOU TO SAFETY.
YOU DIDN'T
HAVE TO HELP US.
THANK YOU.
B:
YES, YOU'RE SO BRAVE.
STICK TO THE SHADOWS.
I'D HELP YOU, BUT...
I CAN'T.
I MUST FIND
THE KING'S TOWER.
THE TOWER?!
WHAT ABOUT SAFETY!?
SAFETY SOUNDS NICE,
DOESN'T IT?!
HE HASN'T A CHANCE
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
ALL WHO OPPOSE
HIS MAJESTY WILL CRUMBLE.
AS THEY SHOULD.
THE SUPREME KING HAS
THE POWER TO UNITE
THIS WORLD.
NONE SHOULD
STAND IN HIS WAY.
COME ON, JIM.
KEEP FIGHTING.
[GROWLS]
WHAT'S HE DOING?!
HE'S GETTING UP!
WORTHLESS HUMAN
SHOULD KNOW BETTER.
[THINKING]
THATTA BOY.
JUST REMEMBER WHY
YOU'RE DOING THIS, JIM--
YOU GOTTA DEFEAT
JADEN'S DARK HALF
SO WE CAN GET
THE GOOD JADEN BACK.
Supreme King: YOU SHOULD
HAVE STAYED DOWN.
BUT IF IT'S PAIN
YOU WANT,
IT'S PAIN YOU'LL GET!
Axel: MAN, I'VE
NEVER FELT A POWER
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
HE'S MUCH
STRONGER THAN
I EVER IMAGINED.
HOW ARE WE EVER
GONNA DEFEAT HIM?
WHAT'S THIS?
IS THAT
MY HAND SHAKING?
GET A GRIP 'CAUSE
IF JIM LOSES,
YOU MIGHT
HAVE TO ANSWER
THE CALL OF DUTY.
JIM, DON'T LET THIS
GUY BLOW YOU OVER!
DON'T INTEND TO, MATE.
NOW WATCH THIS.
HUH. YOU THINK A LITTLE
BREEZE'LL STOP ME?
THINK AGAIN,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
I DRAW!
AND NOW I'M ACTIVATIN'...
THE SACRED DEFENSE BARRIER
FIELD SPELL!
NEXT UP, I SUMMON
THIS FELLA--
ULURU'S GUARDIAN!
WHEN THIS
MONSTER'S SUMMONED
WITH THIS
FIELD SPELL IN PLAY,
A BARRIER'S CREATED,
PROTECTING ULURU
FROM BEING DESTROYED
FOR ONE ATTACK,
AND WITH THIS IN PLAY,
I'VE NOW GOT
DOUBLE THE DEFENSE!
YOUR MOVE.
INDEED.
MALICIOUS EDGE,
ATTACK!
HANG ON!
DID YOU FORGET ABOUT
MY BARRIER JUST NOW?
NO, I DIDN'T!
OH, NO!
SEE, WHEN THIS EVIL HERO
ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND YOUR MONSTER'S
DEFENSE POINTS!
BIG WHUP.
THIS GUY...
JUST WON'T GIVE UP!
THAT'S RIGHT.
I'M STILL STANDING!
SO AS LONG AS
I'M IN THE GAME,
I'M GONNA KEEP
FIGHTING.
AND YOU'D DO
THE SAME, JADEN!
UNTIL THE LAST
CARD'S PLAYED,
A DUEL'S NOT OVER!
JADEN!
AM I GETTIN'
THROUGH TO YOU?
AT LEAST
KEEP LISTENIN'
TO MY VOICE, PAL.
YOUR FRIENDS
ARE HERE,
FIGHTIN' TO GET
YOU BACK.
RIGHT, THEN!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END
MY TURN.
[SHIRLEY GROWLS]
SHIRLEY, JIM'S
GONNA BE FINE.
HE'S GOTTA TON OF GUTS!
[THINKING]
BUT WITH THE SUPREME KING
NOT BACKIN' DOWN,
I JUST HOPE HE CAN
STOMACH THE PRESSURE!
[GROWLING]
I HEAR YA.
DON'T WORRY, GIRL.
I CAN TAKE 'IM.
[GROWLING]
AHH.
SO? YOU THROUGH?
NOT AT ALL!
I NOW SUMMON
EVIL HERO INFERNAL GAINER!
HEH HEH HEH!
THAT BARRIER
CAN ONLY SAVE
HIS
MONSTER ONCE.
THE KING'S EDGE
WILL ATTACK.
THEN GAINER WILL KNOCK
HIS HAT RIGHT OFF.
ATTACK!
MALICIOUS EDGE!
GO NEEDLE BURST!
FOSSILS SHOULD
STAY IN THE GROUND.
EHH! AAH!
HANG ON!
AND NOW INFERNAL
GAINER ATTACKS.
Jim: NOT SO FAST.
I SUMMON ULURU,
THE GUARDIAN SPIRIT,
TO THE FIELD!
THIS TRAP MONSTER
CAN ACTIVATE
BECAUSE ULURU'S
GUARDIAN'S
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
THANK GOODNESS!
YOU'RE ONLY
DELAYING YOUR END!
WHO DOES THIS
HUMAN THINK HE IS,
PLAYING ALL THESE TRICKS?
I ACTIVATE
GAINER'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
SAY WHAT?
BECAUSE INFERNAL GAINER
HASN'T BATTLED YET,
I CAN SEND IT
TWO TURNS AHEAD.
BY DOING THAT,
MY EDGE ATTACKS YOU
ONCE AGAIN THIS TURN!
JIM?!
HA HA HA!
I'M SORRY, JADEN.
I TRIED.
Ojama Yellow:
I'M SO TIRED!
I'M-- OH, GOOD,
WE'RE STOPPING.
THAT MEAN
IT'S NAP TIME?
[SIGHING]
HEY, UH,
WAIT UP, SYRUS!
WHAT ABOUT
NAP TIME?
Skull Knight: LOOK, IT'S ALMOST
LIKE HE'S KNEELING TO OUR KING.
[MOCKING]
PLEASE, HAVE MERCY,
YOUR HIGHNESS!
OH MAN, IT LOOKS LIKE
I MIGHT HAVE TO DUEL HIM.
Skilled Dark Magician:
HEY, YOU IN THE VEST!
ARE YOU NEXT?
NAH. I BET
THE ALLIGATOR'S NEXT!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[THINKING]
IF I HAVE TO BATTLE
THE SUPREME KING...
WILL I BE ABLE TO
ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE?
HE'S GOT ME
SO SPOOKED OUT,
I'M ACTUALLY TREMBLING!
COME ON, AXEL, YOU CAN'T
LET THIS FEAR CONQUER YOU.
YOU HAVE TO OVERCOME IT
AND STAY FOCUSED
ON THE TASK AT HAND.
IF JIM CAN'T SAVE JADEN,
THEN YOU'LL HAVE TO
STEP UP TO THE PLATE.
[METAL CLANKING]
HEY, SHIRLEY,
YOU HEAR THAT?
THE FOSSILS
ARE TALKING.
THEY'RE SAYING,
"COME AND FIND US, JIM."
[CHUCKLING]
[GROWLING]
Jaden:
HEY, JIM,
I HEARD YOU LAUGHING.
WHAT'D YOU FIND,
A FUNNY BONE?
JADEN?
GOOD ONE.
BUT WHAT I'M DOING
IS SERIOUS BUSINESS.
BECAUSE WHEN
I UNCOVER A FOSSIL, MATE,
I SEE THE SPIRIT OF WHAT
IT ONCE USED TO BE,
HOW IT LIVED BEFORE BEING
TRAPPED AND BURIED.
THAT'S WHY THEY WANT
ME TO FIND 'EM.
IF I DON'T, THEY'LL BE
TRAPPED FOREVER.
I GET YA--
A RESCUE MISSION.
EXACTLY. ALTHOUGH, THEY'VE BEEN
ASLEEP FOR A LONG TIME.
THEY MIGHT NOT LIKE
ME WAKIN' 'EM UP.
NO WAY THAT'S TRUE.
I BET YA THEY
LOVE IT.
LETS 'EM KNOW
THEY'RE NOT FORGOTTEN.
IT'S LIKE DUELING,
YOU'RE ALWAYS BUSTING
THROUGH OBSTACLES,
LOOKING FOR A WAY
TO BREAK OPEN THE GAME.
OHH!
[THINKING]
OF COURSE. THAT'S
WHAT YOU ARE, JADEN,
A SPIRIT TRAPPED
BENEATH THE ROCK.
I GOTTA SMASH
THAT ROCK.
I GOTTA KEEP ON
DIGGING IN ORDER
TO FIND YOU
AND BRING YOU
INTO THE LIGHT.
YES!
A COMET TURNS.
A FRIEND WALKS LOST.
A BANDAGE FALLS.
THE EYE SEES
THE TRUTH.
A FRIEND
SHOWS THE WAY.
I'M COMING, PAL,
AND I'M GONNA SHOW
YOU THE WAY.
EYE OF ORACHALCUM!
VISION
OF THE SPIRITS!
IT'S TIME!
LEND ME YOUR POWER!
AHH!
HERE WE GO!
IT'S TIME TO REBOUND!
THIS LIGHT,
IT SHINES SO BRIGHT!
Jim:
SUPREME KING...
GIVE UP.
LET GO OF MY FRIEND.
NEVER!
YOUR FRIEND IS MINE.
[THINKING]
IT'S NO GOOD
THIS WAY.
MY VOICE CAN'T
EVEN REACH JADEN.
HE'S BURIED WAY
DOWN IN THERE,
HIDDEN
FROM THE WORLD,
LIKE A FOSSIL
BENEATH THE ROCKS.
IN THIS CASE,
THE ROCKS ARE MADE UP
OF THE SUPREME
KING'S POWER.
SO IN ORDER TO DIG
DOWN IN THERE
AND RESCUE JADEN,
I HAVE TO CHIP AWAY
AT THE KING'S
LIFE POINTS!
I DRAW!
LET THE EXCAVATION
BEGIN!
I ACTIVATE
FOSSIL HAMMER!
THIS SPELL CARD
DESTROYS THE HIGHEST
LEVEL MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD.
AND THAT'S NOT ALL.
SO LISTEN UP.
YOU'VE TO SUMMON
A MONSTER
THAT'S A LOWER LEVEL
AND FROM YOUR
GRAVEYARD.
SO WHO'S IT
GONNA BE?
THE CHOICE IS
YOURS, SUPREME KING.
COME FORTH, AVIAN.
AND THEN
I SUMMON FOSSIL
DYNA PACHYCEPHALO!
DON'T FORGET--
SINCE PACHYCEPHALO
IS A ROCK-TYPE MONSTER,
SACRED DEFENSE
BARRIER FORMS
A SHIELD AROUND IT.
NOW DYNA!
ATTACK HIS AVIAN
WITH FOREHEAD
FOSSIL FORCE!
AND GUESS WHAT?
THOSE PRECIOUS
LIFE POINTS OF YOURS
ARE ABOUT TO BECOME
EXTINCT!
YA SEE! THAT LITTLE
ATTACK WAS JUST
THE GROUND-BREAKING
CEREMONY.
THESE TRICKS
WILL NOT HELP.
THIS DUEL IS
ALL BUT OVER!
YOU'RE RIGHT,
HE WILL LOSE SOON ENOUGH.
THEN THE KING WILL SEND
HIM TO THE STARS.
THERE YA GO.
NICE MOVE, JIM!
NOW IT'S TIME
TO TAKE DOWN
THE KING
AND GET OUR FRIEND
JADEN BACK!
RIGHT YOU ARE!
NOW I'LL GO AND ACTIVATE
MY PACHY'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHICH SWITCHES 'IM
INTO DEFENSE MODE.
AND UNTIL THE END PHASE
OF YOUR NEXT TURN,
IT GAINS DEFENSE POINTS
EQUAL TO THOSE
OF THE MONSTER
IT DESTROYED.
I END MY TURN.
I DRAW...
AND PLAY DARK FUSION!
NOW I CAN FUSE
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN
AND ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN
TO FORM MY EVIL HERO
LIGHTNING GOLEM!
AND ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
STRIKES HARD AND FAST!
ONCE A TURN, IT CAN DESTROY
A MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD!
GO VOLTIC VOLLEY ASSAULT!
WON'T DO NO GOOD!
MAYBE NOT,
BUT MY EVIL GOLEM
ATTACKS YOU
TWICE THIS TURN.
TURN THAT FOSSIL
TO RUBBLE!
ALRIGHT, KING.
IT'S OVER.
HOPE YOU'VE ENJOYED
YOURSELF.
'CAUSE YOUR REIGN
OVER JADEN IS
ABOUT TO END.
ON THIS NEXT TURN,
I'VE GOT SOMETHING
SPECIAL FOR YOU!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD
MIRACLE RUPTURE.
WITH THIS CARD,
I CAN SELECT ONE
ROCK-TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY DECK, SEND IT TO MY
GRAVEYARD, AND THEN SHUFFLE...
LIKE SO.
WITH THAT, I CAN
DRAW ANOTHER CARD.
[THINKING]
NOW, IF I'VE PLAYED
MY CARDS RIGHT,
I'LL BE ABLE TO WEAKEN THIS
KING'S POWER ENOUGH
TO GET THROUGH TO JADEN.
IF NOT, THIS DUEL'S
FINISHED, AND SO AM I.
[THINKING]
THIS IS IT.
EYE OF ORICHALCUM, SHOW ME
THE CARD I NEED TO DRAW
SO THAT I CAN CHIP AWAY AT THE
DARKNESS CONTROLLING JADEN.
HERE GOES EVERYTHING.
I DRAW!
HUH, WHAT'S THAT?
HUH?
I REMOVE MY SKULL BONE
AND SKULL KNIGHT FROM PLAY.
SO THEN I CAN SUMMON UP
THIS GUY--
GAIA PLATE,
THE EARTH GIANT!
[GASPING]
[MOANING]
AND NOW MY EARTH GIANT
HALVES YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
THANKS TO ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
GO MAGMA MIST!
BUT I'M NOT DONE
ROCKIN'!
SO GET READY!
'CAUSE MY GAIA PLATE'S
ABOUT TO SHAKE
SOME MORE LIFE POINTS
LOOSE WITH A DIRECT ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
I CAN'T SEE!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
JADEN, LISTEN UP!
BREAK FREE!
JADEN!
HUH?
HEY, JIM! NICE WORK.
SUPREME KING,
LET GO!
GIVE ME
MY FRIEND BACK!
IT'S TIME YOU
STEP DOWN FROM YOUR
REIGN OF TERROR!
NO!
[GASPING]
IT'S BEEN TWO ROUNDS.
YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS?
GAINER'S BACK.
NO!
IT CAN'T BE!
DON'T DO THIS!
LISTEN...
JADEN!
LISTEN TO ME!
COME ON!
JADEN!
STOP CALLING ME THAT.
I AM FEAR!
I AM YOUR UNDOING.
I AM THE TIMELESS CURSE,
THE END OF ALL THINGS!
YOU BROUGHT THIS
UPON YOURSELF, MORTAL!
NOW YOU LEARN
THE WAY OF DARKNESS!
I ACTIVATE
SUPER POLYMERIZATION!
IS THAT ANOTHER
FUSION CARD?
BUT, THERE'S NOTHING
IN HIS HAND.
AND THERE'S ONLY ONE
ON HIS FIELD.
HOW'S HE EXPECT TO FUSE
MONSTERS WHEN HE'S GOT
NO MONSTERS TO FUSE?
OH, NO WAY.
AAH! AAH! AAH! AAH!
IF HE CAN USE GAIA,
THEN I'M A GONER.
I'M PLAYING
SUPER POLYMERIZATION.
WITH THAT,
I CAN FUSE MY MONSTER
WITH ANY MONSTER
FROM YOUR FIELD,
COMBINING TO FORM
YOUR DOOM!
I'M DONE,
I'VE GOT NO DEFENSE.
NO SPELLS, NO TRAPS.
YOU FEEL THAT?
IT'S HOPELESSNESS.
IT'S FEAR AND PANIC
AND TERROR.
IT DEVOURED
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND JADEN
AND SHATTERED
ALL THE GOOD.
BUT UNLIKE
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND,
THE DARKNESS HAS
NO USE FOR YOU!
I SUMMON
EVIL HERO DARK GAIA!
AHH!
DARK GAIA'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE EQUAL
TO THE COMBINED
ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR GAIA
AND MY INFERNAL GAINER.
YOU'LL BE A FOSSIL
SOON ENOUGH.
4400 ATTACK POINTS!?
THERE'S NOTHING HE CAN DO.
HE'S GOING TO LOSE THIS DUEL,
AND THEN HE'LL BE GONE,
JUST LIKE ALL THE OTHERS.
AHH!
EVIL GAIA!
DESTROY HIM WITH DARK
CATASTROPHE!
AHH!
[SHIRLEY GROWLING]
GET BACK.
AHH!
Jim: NO-O-O-O-O-O!!!
HUH? AAH!
SHIRLEY.
MAKE THIS RIGHT.
IT'S OVER FOR ME,
BUT NOT FOR YOU.
WHATEVER YOU DO, YOU GOTTA
FIND A WAY TO SAVE JADEN OR--
OHH! THE EYE.
WELL, THEN, YOU NEXT?
Jim: STAY STRONG, AXEL.
DON'T BE AFRAID.
[THINKING]
I CAN'T.
AAH!
HE'S TOO SCARED!
LOOK AT HIM RUN!
[WHIMPERING]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU
GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪